//------------------------------//
// How a Toothbrush Changed History 
// Story: You Forgot Your Toothbrush! 
// by FamousLastWords 
//------------------------------//

The afternoon sun was setting over the peaceful village of Ponyville. It’s within this village that Starlight Glimmer could be found, staring at the piece of paper in front of her. A paper that is planted with a freshly coated royal seal of approval.



Dear Starlight,
	Thank you very much for the courageous act you did of helping my sister and I get along. We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again: We couldn’t have done it without you.
	However, there is one curious detail about the event in which we must know the truth. Your toothbrush seemed to oddly resemble Spike. Is there something we should know about? Or are we reading too much into it.
	Please, if you could, we’d love at least some detail in regards to this, due to the fact there is hardly anything going on at the castle currently and we need something to occupy our time with.
Sincerely,
Princess Celestia



Starlight's glossy eyes scanned the letter once more, ensuring the accuracy of the information she had read. If only Twilight would have foreseen the embarrassing, no, borderline humiliating consequences of bringing her cavity cleansing apparel to the royal castle. She knew it wouldn’t be long before someone had to ask about it.
She shook her head, blinked a few times for added measure, grabbed her trusty quill and paper and began her response. It wasn’t much of a story, but it was interesting nonetheless.



Dear Princess Celestia,
	About that Spike themed toothbrush. It’s not what it would seem…







Day 1 of Starlight Living At The Castle


“Here you are, Starlight!” Twilight screeched, the largest smile she could muster plastered across her face. “Your very own room in the castle, as promised. If you’re gonna be staying here, I figured we should at least make you feel comfortable.”
Starlight walked past her and looked around her room. It was, quite frankly, not what she had expected. It could hardly be considered a bedroom. It’s sheer size and royal appeal made it look more like the home for a dance theater of sorts. Crystal chandelier, elegant throw pillows and purple sheets adorned the bed and a large floral print rug was laid across the floor.
“Oh, Twilight, this really wasn’t necessary,” she said. “I don’t need all this.”
“Oh, I insist,” she replied. “Just because you were an anarchist villain in the past doesn’t mean that same noise has to echo into your future. And look!”
Twilight rushed in and levitated a book off the perfectly placed shelving. She levitated it over to Starlight, who read off the cover.
“Upper Class, Lower Class, No Class: A New World Economic Order’?”
“For authenticity!”
Starlight resisted the urge to ignite the book into a burst of flaming horror, but instead gave a smile the old college try and placed the book on a nearby counter. “Twilight, thank you so much for all of this. But, really, you didn’t need to go through all of this trouble just for me. I hardly deserve it.”
Twilight strolled over to her and placed a hoof of comfort upon her shoulder. “Starlight, this is a new start for you. But, I promise, with the help of all your new friends, everything will turn out great. You deserve a room to yourself just like anypony else would.”
Starlight let out a sigh and looked the alicorn in the eye. “Well, as they say, no use in crying over spilt milk, I suppose. Thank you, Twilight. This room is lovely.”
“I’m glad to hear it,” Twilight said. “I promise, it may be strange at first, but give it some time and Ponyville will begin to feel like home to you, alright?”
“I’ll definitely try my best.” Starlight cracked a smile.
“Excellent. Now, will you be joining Spike and I for dinner tonight? It’ll be ready in just a few minutes. It can be a celebration of your first night in town!”
Starlight thought for a moment but she only had one answer. “I’m sorry, Twilight. I honestly think I’m going to turn in early. The train ride over here was a bit long and I’m pretty tired. But, I promise, I’ll have that celebration meal with you two tomorrow.”
Twilight nodded. “That’s fair. Well, get some sleep, and I’ll make sure Spike gives you a full tour of the castle tomorrow, alright?’
“Sounds good!”
Twilight waved and exited the room, leaving Starlight to herself. The unicorn let out a breathy sigh and hopped onto her bed. She wasn’t lying when she said she was tired, but more than that, she needed some time to herself.
The wooden ceiling she was used to had been replaced with the highest quality stone and crystal. The cheap, torn up carpet her hooves got comfortable stepping on day after day was now replaced with a luxurious one that she didn’t want to touch, for fear of messing up its perfection.
This room is so beautiful. This castle is perfect. But it’s not home.
Starlight tossed and turned on top of the throw pillows and feather filled comforter beneath her. How could she get used to luxury like this when she was born and raised around the simple things of life?
She eventually pushed those thoughts to the back of her mind, however, upon a quick taste of her own breath. As per every night, she needed to grab her toothbrush and take care of said problem. She wouldn’t be able to sleep without doing so.
She hopped off the bed and rummaged through her suitcase. Deodorant, shampoo, mane brush… where was it?
Where was it?!
Starlight dumped all the contents of her suitcase the ground and rummaged through them as if seeking out a long-hidden treasure. However, her search for the spoils proved to be fruitless.
“I can’t believe I forgot my toothbrush!”
Starlight had to resist every urge of her body telling her to punch something. Of all the things to leave behind, it had to be one thing that was part of her routine. The one thing she needed to feel at least a tad comfortable.
It wasn’t fair.
She slouched to the ground and felt a tear drip down her cheek. It wasn’t about the toothbrush, it wasn’t about the perfect surroundings. It wasn’t about anything. But at the same time, it was everything.
She slowly rose to her hooves and crawled back onto her bed once more. Sleep would be a luxury tonight, but there was nothing else to do but close her eyes and try her best to let her mind drift away…
*knock knock*
Her eyes shot open. “Yeah, who is it?”
“It’s Spike!”
She groaned and hopped back off her bed. She slumped over to the door and popped it open, revealing the small dragon.
“Hi there, Starlight!” he said with a bright smile. “I’m sorry to bother you.”
She shook the negativity from her mind and smiled back. “No, it’s alright, Spike. What’s up?”
“Well,” he began, “I was in the bathroom, polishing my scales and other dragon things, when I noticed that you hadn’t brought your toothbrush in yet. Mine was there, Twilight’s was there, but you didn’t seem to have one. So, I just was wondering if you’d like to have my extra toothbrush, just in case you forgot yours.”
Spike held out the still sealed toothbrush to her, a bright smile on his face. Starlight took it from him and eyed it over.
“I found it in the store the other day and was gonna use it, but I figured you could use it more. It’s dragon style, and actually looks kinda like me, don’t ya think?’
Sure enough, the toothbrush was the exact same color and pattern as the little guy. Starlight, against all odds, felt a smile forming on her lips. The first one she hadn’t had to force all day.
“Thank you. Thank you so much, Spike” She used her magic to place it on top of a nearby counter for ease of use in the very near future. “I actually did forget mine.”
“Oh, I know the feel,” Spike said. “I forgot mine once when Twilight and I went on a trip together, and I didn’t feel right the whole time. I had to go out and buy a new one right away. Figured I could save you the trouble. Especially because you’re not super familiar with the area, yet.”
Starlight nodded and smiled. “Well, Spike, I really appreciate this. Thank you very much, once again.”
The dragon waved goodbye and skipped down the hall, most likely off to dinner with Twilight. 
Starlight picked up the toothbrush once more and looked it over. This place may not be home yet, but this was definitely a start.







	...So as you can see, Celestia, it’s nothing creepy or interesting. The toothbrush was just a gift and the first thing that made me start viewing Ponyville as a home of sorts.
	Sorry to disappoint you if you wanted some drama to read about.
With all due respect,
Starlight Glimmer



Starlight rolled up the parchment, sealed it and put it in her drawer. It could wait until tomorrow to send off.
She exited her room and walked down the hall to the bathroom where Spike was, as usual, polishing his scales and doing other dragon things.
“Hey, Spike, we still on for that rematch at Marenopoly tonight? Because, I was totally thinking we should make some under the table kind of deals during the game and we might be able to finally overthrow Twilight from her capitalist crown.”
“Heck yeah!” he said, running out to the hall with her. “If we work together, she’s going down. Then we’ll get the bragging rights around here for once!”
“Oh yeah, we got this.”